with Bitcoin we need to understand why
central banks and bankers and companies
all want a piece of the action first
most of them don't want to touch Bitcoin
they really just want the blockchain
they want the technology under it
governments specifically they don't care
for either but instead want to tax
people categorically database all
transactions within digital currencies
and monitor anything and everything
central banks want to be able to
maintain their dominance and the ability
to maintain the only currency people are
allowed to use so every group has their
own reason to stick their noses into
this new technology you came here for
the truth today we're going to focus on
Bitcoin
let's begin everyone's friend Ben
Bernanke has made some comments about
the blockchain about Bitcoin and here
are some of the negative views according
to mr. helicopter Ben the real serious
problem is that it has anonymity think
about that it's a problem that your
transactions are not categorically data
based and tracked and they're saying
according to him a bug apparently this
is a bug that in some cases there's some
illicit activity occurring within it
look all of that illicit activity is
probably I haven't seen the numbers and
of course we'll never get some accurate
figures but I would have to venture a
guess that it would be lets say a
fraction of 1% of all of this type of
activity a fraction probably less
because ultimately people are using cash
for that type of business they don't
want to use
digital currencies for this sure I'm
sure some do but I'm sure some people
are also using livestock to do that type
of deals I mean come on that this is
really silly that same meme is just the
talking point just projected over and
over again I don't know where they get
this idea governments are not happy to
let that activity happen so I suspect
that there will be some oversight of
transactions done in Bitcoin or similar
currencies and that will reduce the
appeal one of the points that I want to
make is that much of the appeal that's
happening right now is everything it's
projected to be but hasn't necessarily
become yet so there's a lot of growth
potential in digital currencies in
Bitcoin and it's very clear that we are
in the infancy it is very good to see
what a Bitcoin has done how there have
been different systems being set up to
be able to pay that there are exchanges
out there that there are local exchanges
between individuals they're
decentralized exchanges there are
businesses that are being built around
Bitcoin websites there are you know all
all along there are so many different
things this is create a lot of jobs this
has created many things surrounding it
okay but I think that a lot of this
potential could be squashed by some
events that could take place in the
future
surely government wants a piece and now
they're talking about the ability
supposedly I don't know the inside scoop
that's for sure but they are going to
work on a method of hacking into the
blockchain to be able to determine who
is who and what what funds are being
sent
to where
much everything else and the way that
they believe that they do this is once
again with the exchanges what they're
saying is that essentially at some point
you need to put money into Bitcoin when
you first start off let's say your first
account you put $20 in there when you
signed up most of these places not for
everybody all right not for everybody
but a lot of these places a lot of the
people out there you have to get on to
an exchange and so you give them your
perhaps credit card information you had
to give them your IDs whether that's
your driver's license whether that's
your passport photos all kinds of
documentation that they require they
will go in that route so they know where
the money began and then they can trace
it all along the way that's what they
intend on doing I don't know if it's
possible I know that there are different
methods that people use that tumbling
methods I believe it's called and they
are able to get into different
currencies which have more anonymity but
I think that there is some potential
issues here with that if that's not
something that you care about then
there's really no issue here what I
believe is that a lot of people are
buying into the euphoria and I think
that's bad let me get into my opinion on
if you just hang on here for a second
let me just cover these articles really
quickly I want to talk about this
the Bank of Papua New Guinea and abt
associates to establish PNG digital
commerce cryptocurrency
Association they are going ahead and
developing the infrastructure for a
digital currency this is big although
the country may not be necessarily
economically a powerhouse it just shows
you that these countries are getting
into digital
now look at this the prime minister of
Vietnam approved a plan to scrutinize
and streamline the legal framework for
the management of crypto currencies such
as Bitcoin in Vietnam this is big
Vietnam you could see that they are just
one of the countries that are getting
into the digital currencies you look
also to countries like China Japan and
South Korea that are also very very
interested in Bitcoin now I'm not
talking about necessarily the government
but the people there are really excited
about Bitcoin
that's where a lot of the activities
coming from the mining you can see that
coming from the people's involvement in
it all of the different exchanges and
then the websites and everything that's
being set up you can definitely see that
that part of the world is clearly much
more into it than the West's although
everyone seems to be involved these days
ok and last but not least just wanted to
cover this the state of Delaware has
passed amendments to state law that make
it explicit for the right to trade
stocks on the blockchain this is big as
well it's part of the US now it's not
federally it's not something that will
necessarily be here tomorrow but I think
that it's important this was actually a
little while ago if I remember correctly
doesn't matter what I wanted to say is
that there are all these legal
frameworks being put into place whether
it is in the US or whether it's in
Vietnam or anywhere it's something
that's very bullish for the price a
Bitcoin the price of all crypto
currencies as a result ok you saw my
sort of mainstream analysis on that now
let me get to the point that I want to
make for me for digital currencies for
crypto currencies I believe that we
should never chase the price okay if you
think that it's currently Bitcoin is out
let's say
four thousand today and you think it's
gonna be five thousand tomorrow then you
buy in today because you want to sell
tomorrow I don't think that's a good
thing to do I don't like the fact that
people anticipate appreciation and that
causes sort of these fluctuations within
the markets that goes for stock markets
that goes for real estate that goes for
everything else
it's a speculation so I don't judge
anybody for those who want to do that
absolutely not by all means do it you
wish I'm talking about what I do what I
believe this is my own opinion so you
can get into that you can do so you have
to be able to sell at the right time and
a lot of people will a lot of people
will make a lot of money on that and
whatever asset that that is a lot of the
euphoria is built around the fact that
everything's going to stay the same now
what if for me let me just point this
out for me what makes Bitcoin great what
makes digital Crazy's great is that the
government's are not involved at least
what we can see surface-level I don't
know what what's going on behind the
scenes at this time if you do
transactions within Bitcoin you or any
other digital currency you send money
overseas you send a million dollars from
one person to another nobody's coming to
your door nobody's knocking on the door
you're not gonna get a bill at the end
of the year tax bill and nobody's
investigating you at this time the
government's bring in this legal
framework and they figure out a way to
find out who you are I assure you
they're going to tax you and it's going
to lose that ability to be able to be
anonymous
maybe truly it's it's not an onerous I
don't know I really don't know that what
I'm saying is right now you could be
making millions and millions of dollars
in Bitcoin other currencies and and
they're not going to come to your door
the IRS isn't going to say you owe us
that tack
money so all of that could change should
they decide to put in more of these
legal frameworks and I see them doing
that so I don't like that I really don't
i want them to ignore bitcoin I don't
want the price of Bitcoin to even go up
I'm not one to believe that because I
would rather it stay lower I would
rather just be between you and I and the
people out there just to do our own
thing there slowly and just in the
shadows setting up all of the different
infrastructure keeping the transactions
very very cheap and not having the price
go crazy because that brings the media
attention that brings the government
attention and they are getting smarter
about it they're getting wiser about it
I don't know what's going to happen I
just think that it's a big mistake for
people to want the price to rise like
the way it is like very very high very
quickly because that brings in the wrong
attention to it
and I think that we would do better
should it just be kept under wraps and
kept on the down-low if you know what
I'm saying so that's my opinion on it
you can have your own opinions and of
course I want to hear them so put them
in the description or the comment down
below
definitely like to hear what you think
if you agree with me if you disagree
with me then of course put it in the
comments let's have a talk if you found
this video informative if you appreciate
my freedom of speech then give me a
thumbs up if you don't like freedom of
speech give me a thumbs down and last
but not least if you found this video
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
so you can flip through these books if
you go over to Amazon the links are in
the description below
take care just want to let everybody
know that because of all the issues
that are going on on YouTube I'm also
diversifying I've got into two other
sites that is steam it which is a
blockchain
based social media platform it's very
new you actually earn a digital currency
known as steam on there for those who
don't know so check that out
steam it it's in the description as well
as vid me
I'm also on vid me as well it's very
easy for me to upload to there that's
one of the major reasons why I'm on
there vid me steam it the links are in
the description take care